## Privacy Policy

**Updated at 2020-08-30**


Spike Stats (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Spike Stats.

This Privacy Policy applies to our application, Spike Stats. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

### Meanings

For this Privacy Policy:

  - You is referred to the person who accessed the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
  - Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us", "Our" or "Service" in this Agreement) refers to Spike Stats mobile application.
  - Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
  - Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
  - Cookies are a small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. Its purpose is to remember information about you, similar to a preference file created by a software application.
  - Device could be any device with internet who can access the service such as a mobile phone, a computer or a digital tablet.
  - Usage Data it’s referred to the data that’s been collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself. For example, how many times the user accessed the app.

### What Information Do We Collect?

#### Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
- Cookies and Usage Data

#### Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).

This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

- Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
- Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
- Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

### How Do We Use The Information We Collect?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve our app (we continually strive to improve our app offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
- To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)

### How Long Do We Keep Your Information?

We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Spike Stats to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.

### How Do We Protect Your Information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to Spike Stats or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

### Governing Law

The laws of USA, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the app. Your use of the app may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

### Your Consent

By using our site, registering an account, or making a purchase, you consent to this Privacy Policy.

### Links to Other Websites

Our service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Kids' Privacy

We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

### Changes To Our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date above.

### Third-Party Services

We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third- Party Services").
You acknowledge and agree that Spike Stats shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. Spike Stats does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.
Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.

### Information Regarding Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your personal information.

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your personal information because:

- We need to perform a contract with you, such as when you use our services
- You have given us permission to do so
- The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
- To comply with the law

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

- The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on you
- The right of rectification
- The right to object
- The right of restriction
- The right to data portability
- The right to withdraw consent

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

### California Residents

The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires us to disclose categories of Personal Information we collect and how we use it, the categories of sources from whom we collect Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we share it, which we have explained above.

We are also required to communicate information about rights California residents have under California law. You may exercise the following rights:

- Right to Know and Access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information we collect, use, or share; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or used by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
- Right to Equal Service. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
- Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request to close your account and we will delete Personal Information about you that we have collected.
- Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
We do not sell the Personal Information of our users.
For more information about these rights, please contact us.

### Contact Us

Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.

- Via Email: [crocusgames@gmail.com](mailto:crocusgames@gmail.com)
